the price is weighty
though
voice would tell
God saw a lot yes indeed this
Chinese is bad bad dovorachivat
there is but we just added back
spoke a plate here it is a plate
from the back painted it like that
that is leveled since the walker for
motoblock need to hear well well
golovach bolted speed here but one more
disadvantage because floating back on
hinged attachment mounted on the tractor
the knife is floating and it was necessary to put such
wheel as standard bad so what
you came up with just took his shelves
spoke him here before the same angle to
the cross is standard here is such an angle
at
before he said roll the pipe here
found this 4 mm tube
that is, there was a piece with this pipe
one and a half millimeter or two
millimeter and ordinary wheel will
standard sold in normal and on
flour and you have if this
while it is sufficient if the same four
width if it is not enough
Strong and I measured it is just possible
a little water one more wheel
put and everything not to invent no
cook pipes there
120 or 150 he came up with such wheels on
bearings the most important thing is possible
tick here and add more
one pitching wheel will just be on
width between these wheels add
this width with head enough for that
so that you can plow these
changes are still made in the belly until
try and painted it in their
no problem now as for
cutters
here is liza too redone
but when I do not know how others
motoblocks I look on the Internet flies
chain
that is, they attached such a mount well
I think over time to redo it and
in general here as you can see very
short this distance and god
we had a simple drill
over time, well, I want to add here
on completely on the whole
shaft on the whole Volga for mounting that is
pull out and redo well because
flies off the chain we are okay so far but
over time I will show how I have redo
better because I don't like it
that half done something let's
when you are fully functioning without
what problems and
as for here for the cutter there here
Rosette is like for the tree of selection.
power there is and the asterisk stands on
but that's not the point
this kind of lower chain mount is not
mounts
chain stretch here was standard
there was a tube just usually with which
time rubbed give all we
have put two big pay such not
swim laptop took two packs standard
Then there is less a little bit there and two bearings
here they fixed them and these two bearings
gorgeous keeps they spin they
closed and there further
put two springs and two springs
there here and here they are
Well there are enough such springs
be good so that you can
here I can show two such
springs to be but
very strong to pull well
here and mount
This suited me just fine that is very
good to pull a placeholder like a finger
horrible and that's great that's what it seems
as for the residence of the genre that
chain flies
precisely asterisks and we with an asterisk
which is on a frieze
but this we will redo the remake so
touches on the branch
or mounted or here I had to
it is standard here
as it converted well and the
I like better what exactly mounts
on such as on such as
fingers it is well coming then
there is not like in chinese what's there
yes supplemented by supplemented gear
just such fastenings as
ordinary tractor but I do not like that
this pipe is ordinary pipe
therefore they hold bad especially from above
this here this here it is very bad
holds and agnet that is but cannot withstand
load cutter
so here you can still show up
the plate which is holding it badly
this
now let this plate
Here she is bad keeps these bearings
which are therefore going to redo
set centimeter metal and redo it
in order to better be from aksout this
it will remain the only one
takes this plate here it will remove
Here are these bearings and there will be
centimeter
centimeter arched such as at
ordinary tractor so curved
two plates are well there for steaming
other bearings will be supplied and then
plate will be because it interferes here
we, too, at first remade hinders from
this third strengthening here and so in
I will put in general ignorance too
just the plates will not redo
just put the plates that's it
it remains the same I feel from above
she does not stand in English gravity
prizes therefore have to redo
when I redo
I will show the stall so completely satisfied
very cool tractor here such here
such are small changes about
mounted on the linkage and made
self potato planter and
Hillers too
Then I'll show you if there is any
questions or can hints as much as possible
fix it with pleasure decide uchtu
dream all the nuances